HI everybody.
This is my first time to give you guys a speech for Toast Master. I¡¯ve spent a lot of time last weekends to think about a theme to prepare, actually, I find that it is more difficult to do it than to talk about it.  
As we all know, we do not take care of something which seems not very important or crucial for our present daily work, for example, preparing for Toast Master and writing my thesis.
So I am just wondering whether our guys ignored something important in our daily life.
How well our guys understand some essential business concepts?
We are now a member of CSTC, which is owned by Citi Group, many things about organization structures, I am not very clear until I came here. Our department is working for ICG, which include corporate and investment banking, private bank and the rest of the business, you can have a look at Citi official website.
we all know that we are working in an investment bank.

so I have one question, what is investment bank?
We can get some information from the literal meaning, but it is not enough for us to get a better understanding about the bussinesses which are supported by our daily works. .
Before taking about the investment bank, we should have a system understanding of financial market.
we usually divided it into two parts. One is named buy side, the other is named sell side.

Sell and Buy? What is the meanings of those words?

When we talk about buy side, we usually talk about asset management.
There are two major markets, one is private market where we can have venture capital and private equity. the other is secondary market, where we can have mutual fund and hedge fund.

Different from buy side, sell side contains the investment banking and sales&trading. in a broad sense , those two part can be included in investment bank.
As for investment banking,it is traditional bussness for investment bank. it involves helping customers raise funds in capital markets and giving advice on mergers and acquisitions (M&A). We may be familiar with IPO, initial public offering, which is a bussiness for investment bank in stock market.
For sales and trading, On behalf of the bank and its clients, a large investment bank's primary function is buying and selling products. In market making, traders will buy and sell financial products with the goal of making money on each trade.

Sell side will make many reports to tell trends of economy for public , buy side also wirte reports,but the reports just can be read by a limited number of person and they will also read the reports from sell side.

if you want a more comfortable life,you may choose to get a job from buy side.

I hope you enjoy this, thank you.

